Aw, Snap!

Remember when it took only 13 characters(http://thehackernews.com/2015/03/chrome-crash-vulnerability.html) to 
crash Chrome browser instantly? 

This time, it takes 16-character simple URL string of text to crash Google Chrome instantly.

Yes, you can crash the latest version of Chrome browser with just a simple tiny URL.

To do this, all you need to do is follow one of these tricks:
      ->Type a 16-character link and hit enter
      ->Click on a 16-character link
      ->Just put your cursor on a 16-character link

The bug affects all versions of the browser including Google Chrome 45.

Yes, that's right. You don't even have to open or click the malformed link to cause the crash, 
putting the cursor on the link is enough to crash your Chrome.

All the tricks mentioned above will either kill that particular Chrome tab or kill the whole Chrome browser.


The issue was discovered by security researcher Andris Atteka, who explained in his blog post
(http://andrisatteka.blogspot.in/2015/09/a-simple-string-to-crash-google-chrome.html) that just by 
adding a NULL char in the URL string could crash Chrome instantly.


Atteka was able to crash the browser with a 26 character long string, which is given below:
        WARNING: Don't Click or even Point your cursor to the following Link otherwise it will crash your tab or 
        even your whole Chrome browser.
                        http://biome3d.com/%%30%30
                        
However,  the below mentioned can even crash the browser with even fewer characters — only 16 Characters in total.
                        http://a/%%30%30

If you are curious just how often and why your Chrome is crashing, 
you can type chrome://crashes into your location bar 
and press Enter to view the list of crashes.

What's actually Happening?
        According to the researcher, this Chrome crash Bug actually is a "DOS vulnerability" and not a security flaw. Still, 
        this bug has potential to make you lose all your open tabs and windows on Chrome browser.


The issue appears to be small but is actually serious, as it is possible for any of your friends to tweet out 
the link in question, and crash all Chrome users whose Twitter timeline will load that link.

In an attempt to bother you, your friends could even send this link in emails or messages.

Chrome crash doesn't happen every time, in some cases, when Chrome renders text differently, 
Mac users see 16 blank rectangles (▯▯▯▯▯ ▯▯▯ ▯▯▯▯ ▯▯▯) instead of the crash, though they never see the proper characters.

In June, Skype was plagued by a similar bug that caused a crash from a simple text string: 
                        "http://:". 
        These 8-character string caused Skype to instantly crash on the recipient's system, 
        without even displaying the message.
        

Google has yet to release a patch for this latest Chrome crash bug.

The bug affects all versions of the browser including Google Chrome 45, which is the current 
stable version of the browser, and crashes both Windows as well as Mac OS X versions of the browser.

Meanwhile, the mobile version of Chrome seems to be unaffected by this Chrome Crash Bug.

But this has been experienced that the Chrome Crash Bug also works on the mobile version of 
Chrome browser when a user tries to copy the malformed link in question.
I also checked the Chrome crash bug on my One Plus One handset and found that long tapping 
on the malformed link crashes Chrome tab on mobile version of Chrome as well.
